README.md, before:

# Electron Browser (WIP)

[![Fork Repo](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser?style=social&maxAge=3600)](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/fork) [![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/total?maxAge=3600, "Download")](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/releases) [![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser?maxAge=3600, "Issues")](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/issues) [![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser?maxAge=3600, "License")](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/blob/master/LICENSE) [![Send Message to Author](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?style=flat&logo=twitter&label=Message&color=1da1f2&link=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fmessages%2Fcompose%3Frecipient_id%3D4273512934&link=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fmessages%2Fcompose%3Frecipient_id%3D4273512934&message=%40a01sa01to&maxAge=3600, "Send Message to Author")](https://twitter.com/messages/compose?recipient_id=4273512934)<br>

## What's this?

A Browser using Electron

## Release

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser?label=Latest%20release&maxAge=3600)](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/releases)<br>

<!-- > Version 1.0 Released on 2019.12.29 -->

 ## Author

[![Follow @a01sa01to](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/a01sa01to?label=Follow&style=social&maxAge=3600, "Follow")](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=a01sa01to)<br>
[Asa (a.k.a Otsun)（@a01sa01to）](https://twitter.com/a01sa01to)<br>
[Send Message to Author](https://twitter.com/messages/compose?recipient_id=4273512934)

## License

This repo is under the MIT License.<br>
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/blob/master/LICENSE) File.

Commit message:

Update README.md: Add "How to Compile & Use"

README.md, after:

# Electron Browser (WIP)

[![Fork Repo](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser?style=social&maxAge=3600)](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/fork) [![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/total?maxAge=3600, "Download")](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/releases) [![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser?maxAge=3600, "Issues")](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/issues) [![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser?maxAge=3600, "License")](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/blob/master/LICENSE) [![Send Message to Author](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?style=flat&logo=twitter&label=Message&color=1da1f2&link=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fmessages%2Fcompose%3Frecipient_id%3D4273512934&link=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fmessages%2Fcompose%3Frecipient_id%3D4273512934&message=%40a01sa01to&maxAge=3600, "Send Message to Author")](https://twitter.com/messages/compose?recipient_id=4273512934)<br>

## What's this?

A Browser using Electron for KSS School Festival 2020.

## How to Compile & Use

1. Clone this repo<br>
  `git clone https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser.git`
2. Install dependencies<br>
  `npm i`
3. Compile: `npm run build` or `npm run testBuild`<br>

  A difference is whether the installer exists.<br>
  `build` to create installer at `dist/electron-browser Setup ${version}`.<br>
  No matter which you choose, `src/` will be compiled to `dist/win-unpacked/electron-browser.exe`

## Release

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser?label=Latest%20release&maxAge=3600)](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/releases)<br>

<!-- > Version 1.0 Released on 2019.12.29 -->

 ## Author

[![Follow @a01sa01to](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/a01sa01to?label=Follow&style=social&maxAge=3600, "Follow")](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=a01sa01to)<br>
[Asa (a.k.a Otsun)（@a01sa01to）](https://twitter.com/a01sa01to)<br>
[Send Message to Author](https://twitter.com/messages/compose?recipient_id=4273512934)

## License

This repo is under the MIT License.<br>
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/a01sa01to/ElectronBrowser/blob/master/LICENSE) File.
